BY SUBMITTING THIS FILE TO CARMEN, I CERTIFY THAT I HAVE STRICTLY ADHERED
TO THE TENURES OF THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY’S ACADEMIC INTEGRITY POLICY
WITH RESPECT TO THIS ASSIGNMENT.

THIS IS THE README FILE FOR LAB 1.

Name:Yihone Chu 
	
1.	UNIX is proprietary system (i.e. you must purchase a license) while Linux is an Open Source system.  An Open Source system, however, is not always “free”. Why?  
	This is because support can also be purchased in addition.

2.	Name another difference between Unix/Linux from your required reading.
	Unix is proprietary whereas Unix is generally free.	

3.	What made UNIX different from all other commercially available software systems when it was initially developed?
	It was a multi user and multi taksing operating system. In addition, it was also the first "portable" operating system.

4.	What operating system covers the widest range of hardware in the world?
	Linus the the operating systems that covers the widest range of hardware in the world.

5.	Why was the C programming language initially created? 
	The c programming language created in order to create operating systems on smaller personal owned computers.

6.	What version of the mkdir command is running on stdlinux?  What mkdir option did you use to determine this?
	Version 8.22 is running on stdlinux. To find this i used mkdir --help to get a list and then mkdir --version to pull up which version of mkdir I was using.	

7.	What does the wc -l  instruction do?  The manual page for that instruction says prints the newline count, but what important information does that count tell you?	
	It tells you the number of lines are in the file.

8.	Describe one difference between what you observed in the C programming language code in lab1.c and either Java or C++ that you have used before.  Describe one similarity.
	One difference between is the syntax is different as well as declaration. One thing that is similiar though is variable scope. You must declare variables before using and they must be in scope.

9.	How is white space (tabs/newlines/returns, spaces, etc.) handled within a C program file?  Do you think this “feature” of C program files is a good thing or a bad thing?  Why?
	They are generally ignored by the compiler. I think that this is a good thing, it make the code easier to read. 
	
10.	When a line of code is printed out after the next command in gdb, that line of code has just finished executing.  True or False?
	this is FALSE

11.	What is the value of getchar_return_value at GDB item #4?  Is this what you expected to see?
	"$1 =49" is the value of getchar_return_value. This is not what I expected to see. Since I entered 15 I though that getchar_return_value would be 15.

12.	What is the value of maxEntries variable at GDB item #5?
	the value of maxEntries varibale at GDB item 5 is 1.

13.	What were the 15 hexadecimal values in the variable getchar_return_value as it read in each successive value from input?
 	49,50,51,52,53,54,55,32,112,101,97,99,104,101,115

14.	What is the relationship between the ASCII value of a digit and the actual value it represents?
	Each digit is assigned an ASCII value. The ASCII value is what the computer uses to encode text. There is a table that matches an actual value and ASCII value.i

15.	How does the output of the program change at GDB item #7 from the output seen prior?
	The values do not change at al which is very suprising.

16.	Answer the questions asked in item #10 here.

	Are these values what you expected to see?  If so, why?  If not, what did you observe/learn?
	yes maxEntries is what I expected to see it is 10 the number of lines in the file.getchar_return_value also had different values. I think that this also makes a lot of sense because	     the input was different so therefore the ASCII values are different as well.
 
17.	Describe how you created the breakpoint in your program while using ddd instead of gdb.
	I am using putty so graphical interface is not supported.

18.	Edit the Makefile.  On the line that starts out "gcc_opt =" close to the top of the file,  put " -D DEBUG" (do not put the double quotes in the file).  Now say "touch lab1.c".  Rerun the program using 6 and banana.  Does the output change?  If so, how?

19.	What do you think of the make command?  [2-3 sentences]
	I think that the make command and file are really useful.It is particularly useful when one of the files change, this is because you do not need to recompile everything. All you nee	     to do is recompile what has changed. This saves lots of time and resources.



